Add a detailed README and clean up the configuration file (#94)
elastic/elastic-agent-shipper: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature-request.md

---
name: Enhancement request

> about: Elastic-Agent Inputs can't do all the things, but maybe it can do your things.

Reviewer: Is it supposed to be about inputs here?

```suggestion
about: Elastic-Agent's shipper can't do all the things, but maybe it can do your things.
```

Author: Thanks for catching all these, I copied all these templates over without reading them closely enough apparently.
